In this video, we are going to see what is this new priority and sequencing.
If you have noticed many times you want a specific sequence for running our test cases.
We want one disk to run after another and then one after another.
So this can be achieved easily using priority parameter one at best annotation.
So in this video, we are going to see how we can prioritize and sequence our test cases.
As for our requirement.
So let us see this example.
In this example, we have around four test cases with the names one, two, three, four, and it is
printing.
This is disk is one, this is two, this is three and this is four.
So if you run it, let's see what happens when you run this class.
So I'm running this absolute test.
And you test.
Can't.
Okay.
So let us see.
So this is the fourth one.
One, three, two.
So this has picked up the best guesses randomly.
There is no proper sequence.
If you run it again, it will run in another sequence, any random sequence.
But what you want to do is you want to run this as a first, second, third and fourth in a given order.
You can add to this using this for additive.
Attribute.
So you can set the priority from zero.
And then highest.
So I'm adding you want to do and would rather be equal to three.
Now let's run this.
But you.
Then this unsophisticated.
Okay.
Now let's see the output.
So let's see.
The output is in a specific order as specified here.
So if you change, priority of the task is the order of execution change.
Suppose you have given a priority, but sometimes you want to run a test case and sometimes you want
to skip one.
So in that case, what you can do is you can add another attribute that is event and level is equal
to force.
The.
So in this case, this particular test case will be the.
You think, okay, so now let's run this.
So it should not run this particular biscuits.
It will skip this one, the C.
The output.
Okay.
So if you see one three for the segment, this case is not executed.
So in this will begin prioritize and sequence out those guys we can skip if we want to avoid some pesky
from running.